SEO fixes for docs (#197)
JovianML/jovian-py: docs/user-guide/attach.md

## Attaching files and model outputs

```eval_rst
.. meta::

>    :description: Attach files, images, utils, python to online Jovian jupyter notebooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Attach files, images and model outputs to Jovian projects.
```
